# Quest A03 - Player House

## Breezehome reference dialog

D: I'l like to decorate my home
P: I'l be glad to help you. There are many ways to improve your home, provided you have the coin.
P: And of course, don't forget to consult your Home Decorating Guide for descriptions of the decorations you can buy.
P: Now, what would you like to purchase?

D: Alchemy laboratory. (500 gold)
D: Bedroom furnishings. (300 gold)
D: Loft decorations (200 gold)
D: Dining room decorations. (250 gold)
D: Living room decorations. (250 gold)
D: Kitchen furnishings. (300 gold)
P: Very well, I'll make the arrangements. The next time you visit your house, your new furnishings will be in place.
P: Is there anything else you'd like to purchase?

## Gallows Rock

## DSilHand_A03_AskDecoration

* DSilHand_A03AD_Topic01

    Dragonborn: I'l like to decorate my quarters.
    Senaar: I'll be glad to help you improve your quarters, if you have the coin. 
    Sennar: Now, what things you would like me to purchase? 

* Shared Answer (DSilHand_A03AD_Topic02)

    Senaar:  Very well, I'll make the arrangements. The next time you go to your quarter, your new furnishings will be in place.

* DSilHand_A03AD_Topic03

    Dragonborn: Bedroom furnishings. (1000 gold)

* DSilHand_A03AD_Topic04

    Dragonborn: Some furniture for storage. (500 gold)  

* DSilHand_A03AD_Topic05

    Drabonborn: Loft decorations. (1000 gold)

* DSilHand_A03AD_Topic06

    Drabonborn: Weapon Racks (1000 gold)

* DSilHand_A03AD_Topic07

    Drabonborn: Armor Manequim. (2500 gold)

* DSilHand_A03AD_Topic08

    Drabonborn: An Statue of Ysgramor. (7500 gold)



