# Quest M10 - Silver Hunt

## DSilHand_M10_DrunkenHuntsman

> _You may start this conversation with a Silver Hand infiltrated on Whiterun, in "The Drunken Huntsman" tavern._

* DSilHand_M10DH_Topic01

    Dragonborn: You seems worried about something...

    Spy Whiterun: I can smell a dirty wolf's stink in this city... My senses do not fool me. There is daedric influence nearby.

* DSilHand_M10DH_Topic02

    Dragonborn: What are you talking about? Dogs? Daedra? I can't understand...

    Spy Whiterun: I can sense the presence of evil daedra here in this city. Go to Gallows Rock, if you want to know the truth.

## DSilHand_M10_Driftshade

> _This dialog tree is enabled if you go to Driftshade Refuge before joining the Silver Hand. If you ask to join, the guard will ask for you to go to Gallows Rock._

* DSilHand_M10Ds_Topic01

    Dragonborn: ... (Force Greet)

    Driftshade GuarDragonborn: Stop right there. What do you want?

    DSilHand_M10Ds_Topic02

    Dragonborn: I'm just passing by...

    Driftshade GuarDragonborn: So get out of here!

* DSilHand_M10Ds_Topic03

    Dragonborn: Wait...Who are you?

    Driftshade GuarDragonborn: I'm a Silver Hand. We are werewolf hunters.

* DSilHand_M10Ds_Topic04

    Dragonborn: Can I join the Silver Hand?

    Driftshade GuarDragonborn: It is not an easy task. But if you want to know if you are worth, go to Gallows Rock.


## DSilHand_M10_GallowsGreetings

> _This dialog tree is enabled if you go to Gallows Rock before joining the Silver Hand. The Gallows Rock Guard will force greet you. Than, you may request to join the faction._

* DSilHand_M10GG_Topic01

    Dragonborn: ... (Force Greet)

    Gallows' GuarDragonborn: Stop right there. What do you want?

* DSilHand_M10GG_Topic02

    Dragonborn: I'm just passing by...

    Gallows' GuarDragonborn: So get out of here!

* DSilHand_M10GG_Topic03

    Dragonborn: Who are you?

    Gallows' GuarDragonborn: We are the Silver Hand. We are werewolf hunters.

* DSilHand_M10GG_Topic04

    Dragonborn: Can I join the Silver Hand?

    Gallows' GuarDragonborn: That is not a simple question. As I said, our group hunts and is persecuted by powerful enemies. 

    Gallows' GuarDragonborn: First we have to know if you are trustful and worth joining us. Therefore, you must complete an initiation task.

* DSilHand_M10GG_Topic05

    Dragonborn: You seems to be outcast...

    Gallows' GuarDragonborn: That's because we have powerful enemies out there...

* DSilHand_M10GG_Topic06

    Dragonborn: I want to join the Companions!

    Gallows' GuarDragonborn: So get you of here before I kill you.

* DSilHand_M10GG_Topic08

    Dragonborn: I want to become a Werewolf.

    Gallows' GuarDragonborn: So get you of here before I kill you.

* DSilHand_M10GG_Topic09

    Dragonborn: Your group seem to be just a band of smugglers thieves!

    Gallows' GuarDragonborn: So get you of here before I kill you.

* DSilHand_M10GG_Topic12

    Dragonborn: I don't want to get involved on this...

    Gallows' GuarDragonborn: Good look out there. May the divines and Ysgramor guide your path. 

* DSilHand_M10GG_Topic13

    Dragonborn: Interesting, but I must be going now...

    Gallows' GuarDragonborn: Good look out there. May the divines and Ysgramor guide your path. 

* DSilHand_M10GG_Topic10

    Dragonborn: What should I do to join?

    Gallows' GuarDragonborn: Go to Cold Rock Pass and kill the Frost Troll that is living there, the bigger one, and come back with a proof of your hunt. Than we may talk again.

    Gallows' GuarDragonborn: If  you are unable to kill that frost troll, you will be unable to kill werewolves anyway.

* DSilHand_M10GG_Topic11

    Dragonborn: What enemies?

    Gallows' GuarDragonborn: The Companions in Whiterun...


## DSIlHand_M10_GallowsAfterTroll

> _After you kill the Frost Troll on the Cold Rock Pass, you must talk with the Gallows Rock's Guard again._

* DSilHand_M10GAT_Topic01

    Dragonborn: I killed the Toll in Cold Rock Pass. Here is its Skull.

    Gallows' GuarDragonborn: I know you would be able to do it. Go talk to "Krev the Skinner", our leader. He is inside, on the main Hall. Go talk to him. Good Luck!


## DSilHand_M10_GallowsMeetKrev

> _This dialog is enabled to deliver tre Frost Troll skull to Krev, as proof of your hunt. After that, you can join the Silver Hand._

* DSilHand_M10GMK_Topic01

    Dragonborn: Are you Krev the Skinner? I'm here because I want to join the Silver Hand.

    Krev the Skinner: Yes I'm! Welcome! You did well against the frost troll on the Cold Rock Pass. Congratulations! You proceed well on our initiation.

    Krev the Skinner: But, before we proceed, I have a question. Why do you want to join the Silver Hands? 

* DSilHand_M10GMK_Topic02

    Dragonborn: I want to hunt Werewolves.

    Krev the Skinner: An adventure seeker eh? We need more people like you here.

    Krev the Skinner: But I have more things to say before you can join us. 

* DSilHand_M10GMK_Topic03

    Dragonborn: I want to fight against the influence of Daedra in Skyrim.

    Krev the Skinner: This is an honor cause that every sons and daughters of Skyrim who wish to go Sovngarde one day, must fight for.

    Krev the Skinner: But I have more things to say before you can join us. 

* DSilHand_M10GMK_Topic04

    Dragonborn: What things?

    Krev the Skinner: We fight against these beasts to cleanse this foul daedric disease that has taken the sanity of many of our brothers and sisters here on Skyrim.

    Krev the Skinner: But worst than that, have corrupted the souls of many sons of Skyrim, and take them away from Sovngarde in exchange of an ephemeral power in life.

    Krev the Skinner: But, you must be aware. No only beggars and forgotten people have lycanthropy here on Skyrim.

    Krev the Skinner: Many influential and powerful  people have this curse... or "gift" as many of them say. 

    Krev the Skinner: If you become a Silver Hand, you will have to fight not only physically, but also politically and economically powerful people.

    Krev the Skinner: After all I said, do you still want to become a Silver Hand?

* DSilHand_M10GMK_Topic05

    Dragonborn: Yes, I do!

    Krev the Skinner: Now, you are officially a silver hand initiate. Take this armor and shield.

    Krev the Skinner: They are not expensive ones, but are especially good to protect against the cold weather of the ice fields.

    Krev the Skinner: Also, take this weapon, a Silver sword. It will protect you against foul creatures we fight against.


