# Quest M20 - Angarvunde's Treasure


## DSilHand_M20_Branch01_KrevStart

> _This is the starting dialog of the second quest. After completing the quest "Silver Hunt", the Dragonborn may ask to Krev the Skinner for work._

* DSilHand_M20KS_Topic01

    Dragonborn: What will be my first job?

    Krev the Skinner: I have a first task for you. Have you heard about the Wuuthrad ax?

* DSilHand_M20KS_Topic02

    Dragonborn: I'm not sure...

    Krev the Skinner: The Wuuthrad ax is a legendary weapon owned by the great Nord hero, Ysgramor, the spiritual leader of our group.

    Krev the Skinner: The legends say it was forged by his son, Yngol, a day after the Night of Tears.

    Krev the Skinner: He used the tears of grief from his father, made of pure ebony.

    Krev the Skinner: But it was broken into dozens of pieces, many centuries ago.

    Krev the Skinner: The fragments were spread all across Tamriel. We, the Silver Hands, have been looking for the fragments since our foundation.

    Krev the Skinner: I received a letter this morning from Fjol, the leader of the Driftshade Refugee camp. He is the second after my command. 

    Krev the Skinner: His research led him to conclude that a possible location of one of the remaining fragments is an old Nordic ruin on the Rift.

    Krev the Skinner: Talk to Hillara. She will accompany you on this adventure.


## DSilHand_M20_Branch02_HillaraMeet

> _Krev you send you o talk with Hillara, so she can give you more details about the location of the Fragment. She will follow you on this quest._

* DSilHand_M20_Branch02_HillaraMeet

    Dragonborn: Krev said that we will look for the Wuuthrad ax.

    Hillara: Aw yes. Krev told told me about the clues Fjol was able to find. 

    Hillara: He believes that one of the missing fragments of Ysgramor's ax is part of Angarvunde treasure trove.

    Hillara: I'll mark the location of the tomb on your map. It is located between Riften and Ivarstead.

* DSilHand_M20HM_Topic02

    Dragonborn: Let's go!

    Hillara: Lead the way. 


## DSilHand_M20_Branch02_HillaraCongrads

> _This is an optional dialog accessible after you recover the Fragment from Angarvunde Dungeon._

* DSilHand_M20HC_Topic01

    Dragonborn : I found the fragment!

    Hillara: We did it! You found the fragment! Let not waste any time. We must return to Gallows Rock and bring it to Krev.


## DSilHand_M20_Branch02_KrevFrag

> _Dragonborn arrives on Gallows Rock to deliver a fragment of Ysgramour Axe to Krev._

* DSilHand_M20KF_Topic01

    Dragonborn: I find the fragment.

    Krev the Skinner: By Ysgramor! You did it. You found the fragment! Fjol was right once again. Congratulations. You are doing very well brother. 

