# Quest M40 - Companion Conspiracy

## DSilHand_M40_Start

> _Outside of Dustman's Cairn, you may talk with Fjol. He will follow you after that._

* DSilHand_M40ST_Topic01

    Dragonborn: I'm ready!

    Fjol: Welcome brother. Let's recover the fragment inside this tomb.

    Fjol: The rest of the men are already inside excavating. But beware. The Companions may be coming as well. Be ready to fight. 

## DSilHand_M40_AfterBattle

> _Fjol forces greet you, after you defeat the Companions on the battle._

* DSilHand_M40AB_Topic01

    Dragonborn: ...(Force Greet)

    Fjol: Great battle follow companion. We just killed one of the members of the Circle. 

    Fjol: That's the "beast blood gift" they say. I call it daedric abomination...  Anyway, let's continue!

    Fjol: Let's call the brothers inside to help us. 

## DSilHand_M40_CallFollower1

> _If you call a Companion on Dustman's Cairn, he may talk to you this cote._

* DSilHand_M40CF1_Topic01

    Dragonborn: Follow me!

    Silver Hand: Go ahead, I'll stand guard!

## DSilHand_M40_CallFollower2

> _If you call a Companion on Dustman's Cairn, he may talk to you this cote._

* DSilHand_M40CF2_Topic01

    Dragonborn: Follow me!

    Silver Hand: Lead the way!

## DSilHand_M40_Fagment

> _After you found the last fragment, this dialogue will be enabled._

* DSilHand_M40FG_Topic01

    Dragonborn: I found the Fragment!

    Fjol: Great! We now have seven fragments. The Companions four.  There is only one lost piece...

* DSilHand_M40FG_Topic02

    Dragonborn: And do you know where is it?

    Fjol: To be fair, I don't know yet... We have been investigating for decades where it may be. Some clues, but no confirmation...

## DSilHand_M40_Krev

> _After you deliver the last fragment to Fjol, this dialogue will be enabled._

* DSilHand_M40KR_Topic03

    Dragonborn: I found the Wuuthrad fragment and gave it to Fjol.

    Krev: Great work soldier!

    Krev: Take this armor and weapon as a reward for your efforts. I promote you to  a silver hand hunter.

    Krev: Congratulations. Take this bear armor as a gift for your efforts.


