# Quest M80: Assault on Jorrvaskr  

## DSilHand_M80_FjolBeforeDiscourse
(Stage 20)

> _All the man are waiting you at the secret passage to the Underforge, outside Whiterun. All of them are prepered for battle._

* DSilHand_M80FB_Topic01

    Dragonborn: I'm ready!

    Fjol: Good brother. We've been waiting for you. All the brothers are here. Let's begin...


## DSilHand_M80_SceneFjolDiscourseBattle
(Scene) (Stage 30)

> _Fjol discource before battle._

* DSilHand_M80DB_Topic01

    Fjol: Here we are brothers, this will be the end for them.

    Fjol: I hope you're hungry!

    Fjol: Today, let's eat roast dog meat on skyforge!

## DSilHand_M80_SceneArmistice
(Scene) (Stage 70)

> _The scene where Fjol proclaim the victory, and start an agreement with Vignar._


* DSilHand_M80SA_Topic01

    Fjol: Brothers, put down your weapons!! The Companions are not our enemies!

* DSilHand_M80SA_Topic02

    Fjol: Brothers, Put down the weapons. 

    Fjol: The Companions are not our enemies. They are our Brothers in blood. A long time ago we all were the same group! 

    Fjol: But we, the Silver Hand did not accepted this Werewolf abomination you all are seeing now!

    Fjol: This is a curse  brought by the Witches Glenmoril into the heart of the Companions. 

    Fjol: Since then, it was perpetuated be daedric rituals of blood devoted to Hircine.

    Fjol: We split into two separated groups, and we have been fighting for centuries. 

    Fjol: But now, the Circle was defeated and Companions are free from the Daedric curse! It's time to rejoy again!

* DSilHand_M80SA_Topic03

    Vignar: Fjol.. as I see, I was not quick enough... I knew it was comming to this one day.

* DSilHand_M80SA_Topic04

    Fjol: Yes, we did it Vignar. We cleaned the Circle from the Hircine Curse. Now the Companion are free from Lycantropy, and we vanged Krev death.  

* DSilHand_M80SA_Topic05a

    Vignar: So it happened... Krev is dead too... 
    
    Vignar: It has passed a long time since we were young. 
    
    Vignar: We all: I, Kodlack, Krev and you were great friends...

    Vignar: We fought together many times... But Krev and you decided to follow the dissidents' path.  
    
    Vignar: Kodlack and I decide to stay. 
    
    Vignar: He decided join the Circle. He thought it was the right thing to do. 

    Vignar: You know... Kodlack was searching for a cure. I think he was feeling this vary day was coming...
    
    Vignar: It was only a matter of time.

    Vignar: I will not perpetuate this bloodshed. As the elder Companion member I offer you a peace agreement. 
    
    Vignar: No more cursed blood among the Companion, no more fight among us and the dissidents. But I have two conditions.

* DSilHand_M80SA_Topic05b

    Vignar: First, the cursed blood has gone, but we must keep it as a secret. The people here in Whiterun don't need to know the rumors are indeed true.
    
    Vignar: Second: I cannot let you and your group rejoin the Companions. 
    
    Vignar: After all of this bloodshed, your presence would not be accepted by any of the major houses. 

    Vignar: This would escalate to another endless war among our factions once again.

    Vignar: You and our group should not come to Whiterun. At least not for a long time, until the wounds are healed...  


* DSilHand_M80SA_Topic06

    Fjol: Actually, I did not want to come back either. After so many years in the wilds, I get used to it.

    Fjol: The silence and the solitude of the northern wilds and winds are part of me now.

    Fjol: The vengeance has been made, the cursed blood is no more, and the pride of Ysgramour is restored.

    Fjol: It costed the blood of many generations, and the wounds are deep.  I hope some day they will be closed.

* DSilHand_M80SA_Topic07

    Vignar: I hope that too Fjol.

    Vignar: So that's it. You need to leav as soon as possible...
    
* DSilHand_M80SA_Topic08  

    Fjol:  We will Vignar. But first wee need to use the Skyforge.

* DSilHand_M80SA_Topic10

    Vignar: Do whatenever you want, but do not get attention, and be quick as possible. And do not spill any more blood.

* DSilHand_M80SA_Topic11

    Fjol: I promisse I will. 

* DSilHand_M80SA_Topic12

    Vignar: Good. Athis, come here.

* DSilHand_M80SA_Topic13

    Athis: Yes sir...

* DSilHand_M80SA_Topic14

    Vignar: Since Kodlak died, We need a new harbinger. I think it should be you.

* DSilHand_M80SA_Topic15

    Fjol: Vignar, the Companions were meant to be brothers sworn by blood, not by leadership. There should be no harbinger. Not for a long time, at least.

* DSilHand_M80SA_Topic16

    Vignar: Hmm, I think you're right. We've seen the secrets that can harm our faction.

* DSilHand_M80SA_Topic17

    Athis: Damn it... I was THIS close. 


## DSilHand_M80_FragmentSearch
(Stage 70)

> _The scene after the battle where Fjol and Vignar talk is over. Fjol asks for you to help findind the last missing fragment._

* DSilHand_M80FS_Topic01

    Dragonborn: ... (Froce Greet)

    Fjol: I have one thing to ask. Three of the fragments in possession of the Companions are displayed on the wall, but one is missing... 

    Fjol: We need to find it. We need your help.

* DSilHand_M80FS_Topic02

    Dragonborn: Consider the task done!

    Fjol: Thanks. Come to me if you find it.

## DSilHand_M80_FragmentFound
(Stage 90)

> _Dragonborn delivers the last fragment of Wuultrad axe to Fjol._

* DSilHand_M80FF_Topic01

    Dragonborn: Here the last Fragment!

    Fjol: So that's it! Thanks to you all Wuuthrad pieces are once again together...

    Fjol: Follow me brother...

## DSilHand_M80_SceneFjolCall
(Scene)(Stage 110)

> _Fjol calls all silverhands to go to the Skyforge, since the Dragonborn have faound the last missing fragment._

* DSilHand_M80SFC_Topic01

    Fjol: Brothers, we managed to find the last fragment. Follow me to the Skyforge!


## DSilHand_M80_SceneWuuthradPresentation
(Scene)(Stage 130)

> _Fjol finishes reassembling the fragments into an axe. Than, he give an speach, showing the fragment._

* DSilHand_M80SWP_Topic01

    Fjol: Brothers and sisters. Today is a great day that will be remembered through the ages.

    Fjol: Bards will sing songs calling our names, in memory  of what we did today. 

    Fjol: In the very same day, we freed Skyrim's heart from the foul Hercine influence, and reassembled the ancient axe: Wuuthrad.

    Fjol: Today Ysgramour's honour over this land is finally restored!






























