# Quest M90: In honor of Ysgramor

## DSilHand_M90_FjolAfterKillingWitches

(Stage 20)

> _After killing the witches, Dragonborn may start this dialog with Fjol. He will tell you to go to Harbinger Flame on Ysgramor tomb._

* DSilHand_M90FAKW_Topic01

    Dragonborn: Where should we go now?

    Fjol: Now we have the witches' heads, we must go to Ysgramor's Tomb, and burn them in the Harbinger Flame.

##  DSilHand_M90_SceneFjolOpenTomb

(Scene) (Stage 20)

> _Fjol starts the scene where he opens the tomb, using Wuuthrad._

*  DSilHand_M90SFOT_Topic01

    Fjol: Do you see? Ysgramor axe is missing on his statue. 

    Fjol: I belive Wuulthrad is the key to open.

*  DSilHand_M90SFOT_Topic02

    Fjol: That's it! It's opening!


# DSilHand_M90_AfterSavingKodlak

(Stage 50)

> _Dragonborn and Fjol killed the Wolf spirit. Now, Fjol will offer to Dragonborn the leadership of the Silver Hands._

* DSilHand_M90_ASK_Topic01 (force greet)

    Dragonborn: ...
    
    Fjol: We did... Kodlak has paid for his mistake, but now his soul may rest from its torment...

    Fjol: I'm  thinking.. I fear his price was too high...


* DSilHand_M90_ASK_Topic02

    Dragonborn: Now the Companions are cleaned from Hircine curse. I think it was worth.

    Fjol: Yes, I agree with you. And now the war is over.

    Fjol: I have one more thing to ask.

* DSilHand_M90_ASK_Topic03

    Dragonborn: He allowed them to kill Krev and Kodlak. He deserved it!

    Fjol: Yes, Krev perished as well... 
    
    Fjol: But I hope Kodlak and Krev are right now on Sovngarde putting all the anger and hate aside, and sharing a sweet mead mug.

    Fjol: I have one more thing to ask.

* DSilHand_M90_ASK_Topic04

    Dragonborn: I think you are right. But now we cannot go back in time...

    Fjol: Yes. But at least the companions are free from this ancient curse. And we are not enemies anymore. I hope our legates may rejoin again some day.

    Fjol: I have one more thing to ask.

* DSilHand_M90_ASK_Topic05

    Dragonborn: What thing?

    Fjol: I think you should be the leader of the Silver Hands. 

    Fjol: I really think I'm better with my research than with leadership.

    Fjol: If it wasn't for you, we wouldn't have made it. 

    Fjol: Do you accept?

--

* DSilHand_M90_ASK_Topic06

    Dragonborn: Yes, I do.

    Fjol: Good. Hillara and Sennar are responsible for managing the contracts. 

    Fjol: Talk to them to organize the wolf hunts. 

    Fjol: Please, hold this axe and kill some beasts.

* DSilHand_M90_ASK_Topic07

    Dragonborn: I'll do, in the name of Ysgramor.

    Fjol: I would ask you to come back to Driftshade in a few days. I'm finishing new research. 


* DSilHand_M90_ASK_Topic08

    Dragonborn: I think I'm not ready for this yet...

    Fjol: I understand. If you change your mind, come talk to me on Driftshade.  

    Fjol: Hillara and Sennar are responsible for managing the contracts on Gallows Rock. 


