# Quest S01:  DSilHand_S01DwammerTempering

### DSilHand_S10_NotDeliver 
(Stage 10)

> Kurdak have requested to Dragonborn deliver to him his missing materials. But Dragonborn have not brought him the materials yet._

* DSilHand_S10ND_Topic01 

    Dragonborn: What item do I have to bring?

    Kurdak: I need 20 vessels of Dwrammer oil, 20 pots of fire salts, and 10 pots of void salts and 20 ingots of quicksilver. 

    Kurdak: Come back when you have all these materials, and I'll teach all I know about silver fogering. 

### DSilHand_S10_Deliver 
(Stage 10)

> Kurdak have requested to Dragonborn deliver to him his missing materials. After that, he would teach the Dragonborn his knowleadge about silver forging._

* DSilHand_S10DL_Topic01

    Dragonborn: Here the materials you requested.

    Kurdak:  Thanks! Ok, now let's begin. First of all, we must prepare the right alloy.

    Kurdak: We forge together the silver with a small portion of the Quicksilver.

    Kurdak: Then, we use the fire salts to get the forge just at the right temperature. 

    Kurdak: The alloy must then be folded many times along with the void salts. 

    Kurdak: To temper the blade, we must immerse it in pure Dwrammer Oil.

    Kurdak: Once it is done, It will become as hard as ebony, but will keep all the special properties of the silver against foul creatures.  

    Kurdak: I'll teach you meverything I know about forging silver. 

    Message Box: Kurdak teaches you how to forge and improove silver weapons. 

    Message Box: Now you will be able to craft silver swords on the forge, improve them on the grindstone and enchant them.  





