# Quest S02 - Iconoclastic Revenge

## DSilHand_S02_TalkWithFjol

> _After you completed the main quest, this quest may be given to you randomly. After you complete the quest, a misc hidden quest will triger the next job. The job will be randomly given for the next 1-3 days. It has a chance of 25% to be a Iconoclastic Revenge, and 75% for Wolf Hunt. After Iconoclastic Revenge is completed, the time span changes to 5-10 days. The location of the first totem must be [Clearsprint Cave](https://elderscrolls.fandom.com/wiki/Clearspring_Tarn)._

* DSilHand_S02TWF_Topic01

    Dragonborn: Any new work to do?

    Fjol: Yes, I have. On my rasearch I discovered a book about the Totems of Hircine. 

    FJol: Ancient arctifects related with the cult of Hircine and Lycantropy.

* DSilHand_S02TWF_Topic02

    Dragonborn: Totems of Hircine?

    Fjol: Yes. There are three: A thigh bone, a carved Skull, and a Drum. 

    Fjol: I was searching for clues of its locations, and how they could be destroyed.

    Fjol: Now I think I discoved where they may be, and how to banish them.

* DSilHand_S02TWF_Topic03

    Dragonborn: Banish them?

    Fjol: Since they are daedric arctifects, once they are destroyed there is no guarantee they are gone to come back some day.

    Fjol: I hope our work will least form some generations. 

    Fjol: But even in the worst case, it sould dimish Hincine influence over Skyrim.

* DSilHand_S02TWF_Topic04

    Dragonborn: Let's begin!

    Fjol: The first totem id called Totem of the Hunt. Ressemble a thigh bone. It must be located on Clearspring Cave.

* DSilHand_S02TWF_Topic05

    Dragonborn: I'm busy right now...

    Fjol: No problem... Come back when you are ready

## DSilHand_S02_FirstTotem

> _This dialog is enabled if Dragonborn asks where is the location of the first totem, after the quest is granted. It is an optional dialog._

* DSilHand_S02_1T_Topic01

    Dragonborn: What is the first Hircine totem?

    Fjol: The first totem id called Totem of the Hunt. Ressemble a thigh bone. It must be located on Clearspring Cave.

## DSilHand_S02_FindFirstTotem

> _Fjol should force greet the Dragonborn. The second totem must be located on [Cragwallow Slope](https://elderscrolls.fandom.com/wiki/Cragwallow_Slope)._

* DSilHand_S02F1T_Topic01

    Dragonborn: ... (Force Greet)

    Fjol: Good job! it matches the totem description.

    Fjol: The second totem must be on Cragwallow Slope. Is resembles an usual drum.


## DSilHand_S02_SecondTotem

> _This dialog is enabled if Dragonborn asks where is the location of the second totem, after the force greet. It is an optional dialog._

* DSilHand_S02_2T_Topic01

    Dragonborn: Where is the second totem?

    Fjol: The second totem  is called Totem of Brotherhood.  Is resembles a simple drum. It must be inside Cragwallow Slope.


## DSilHand_S02_FindSecondTotem

> _Fjol should force greet the Dragonborn. The third totem must be located on [Morvunskar](https://elderscrolls.fandom.com/wiki/Morvunskar)._

* DSilHand_S02_F2T_Topic01

    Dragonborn: ... (Force Greet)

    Fjol: Great again brhther. We are doing weel on this quest. It matches the totem description from the book.

    Fjol: The third and last totem was closer then we would ever imagined. It must be inside Morvunskar.

    Fjol: It is a carved wolf skull with some feather attached on it. It is called Totem of Fear.


## DSilHand_S02_ThirdTotem

> _This dialog is enabled if Dragonborn asks where is the location of the third totem, after the force greet. It is an optional dialog._

* DSilHand_S02_3T_Topic01

    Dragonborn: Where is the third totem?

    Fjol: The last totem must be inside Morvunskar. It is called Totem of Fear, and resembles an Wolf's carved skull.


## DSilHand_S02_FindThirdTotem

> _Fjol should force greet the Dragonborn. The third totem must be located on [Morvunskar](https://elderscrolls.fandom.com/wiki/Morvunskar)._

* DSilHand_S02_F2T_Topic01

    Dragonborn: ... (Force Greet)

    Fjol: Congradulations brother. We managed to find all the totems. Now, we must burn them into the flame of the Harbinger inside Ysgramour tomb. 


## DSilHand_S02_AfterBurningTotems

* DSilHand_S02ABT_Topic01

    Dragonborn: It is done!

    Fjol: Yes it is. Thanks brother for your help. I hope with this must dim Hircine influce over Skyrim in the centuries to come.

    Fjol: Take this axe as token of my gratitude. Now, I'll go back to Driftshade. If you need me, you may search for me there.








