# Quest M60: DSilHand_M60Retaliation

## DSilHand_M60_Guard
Stage 10

> _After you defeated the compaions outside Gallows Rock._

* DSilHand_M60GU_Topic01

    Dragonborn: ...
    Silver Hand Guard : Hurry, you must help us.

* DSilHand_M60GU_Topic02

    Dragonborn: What happened?
    
    Silver Hand Guard : companions... th-they came sneaky, assaut the fort. They released those beasts from the cages. Please brother... avenge our shed blood.... ohhh

## DSilHand_M60_Sennar
Stage 30

> _After Dragonborn defeated all the Companions on Galoows Rock._

* DSilHand_M60SE_Topic01

    Dragonborn: It 's done...
    
    Sennar: Yes, we did, we won the battle! But we lost our Leader, Krev. May his soul rest in peace in Sovngarde.

* DSilHand_M60SE_Topic02

    Dragonborn: Any idea did they decide to attack us? 
    
    Sennar: We were waiting to be attacked in retaliation to Farkas and Njada's death. But they attacked sooner than we expected. 
    
    Sennar: Anyway, we had an important victory tonight. Krev must be proud of all of us now. Listen, Fjol needs to be notified of what happened. 
    
    Sennar: Since he was the second in charge, he must claim our leadership now.  

* DSilHand_M60SE_Topic03

    Dragonborn: I'll notify him!

    Sennar: Good! We will be taking care of things here. We must clean up this mess, rebuild our defenses, and make the proper funerals. 

    Sennar: Fjol will tell us the next steps.

## DSilHand_M60_FjolPlans
Stage 40

> _After the Dragonborn defeated the companions, and talked with Senaar. This is on Driftshade Refugee_

* DSilHand_M60FP_Topic01

    Dragonborn: ...

    Fjol: Come on in. What brings you here?

* DSilHand_M60FP_Topic02

    Dragonborn: The companions have just attacked Gallows Rock. But we defeated them. 

    Fjol: By the nine! Did we have many casualties?

* DSilHand_M60FP_Topic03

    Dragonborn: Yes... many brothers  have fallen, including our leader Krev...

    Fjol: No... Krev... My best friend... but... He must be  better  than us now, for sure! 

    Fjol: He must be drinking the most delicious mead, with the most delightful woman in Sovngarde. 

    Fjol: And about the Companions... How many of them were werewolves? 

* DSilHand_M60FP_Topic04

    Dragonborn: Three, including  Aela and Skjor!

    Fjol: Even though many of us have perished, this was a great victory for sure.

    Fjol: You know I must tell you some things... 

* DSilHand_M60FP_Topic05

    Dragonborn: What things?

    Fjol: A long time ago... Krev and I were Companions too. We were almost like twin brothers, we were inseparable in the battles. 

    Fjol: But one day...  We both were invited to ascend to the circle. 

    Fjol: Fortunately, Krev noticed what the circle was about, and we fled before being forced to drink the cursed wolf blood. 

    Fjol: Since then, we have been fighting for the Silver Hand. They didn't know... but Krev's mother was murdered by a werewolf... 

    Fjol: We have been hiring valiant warriors who hate werewolves and Daedra more than anything.  

    Fjol: Now, the Silver Hand had grown stronger than ever.  But enough talk. We must celebrate our victory.  Come on, let's celebrate!

## DSilHand_M60_FjolDiscourse
Stage 50

> _Sennar will force greet you, after you defeat all the companions on Gallows Rock._

* DSilHand_M60FD_Topic01

    Fjol: Listen to brothers! We have important news from Gallows Rock!

* DSilHand_M60FD_Topic02

    Fjol: Listen brothers of Hunt! We just had a victory over the Companions. They assaulted Gallows Rock, but we were able to defeat them! 

    Fjol: Three members of the circle have fallen, including Aela and Skjor.

    Fjol: Unfortunately our leader Krev have perished in the battle. 

    Fjol: He guided us for our these years, and turned the Silver hands stronger than ever.

    Fjol: Now we celebrate for the honor of his name, and his glorious entrance to Sovngarde!

## DSilHand_M60_FjolParticular
Stage 60

> _This dialogue will be enabled on Fjol on Driftshade, after you talk with Senaar in Gallows Rock._

* DSilHand_M60FPt_Topic01

    Dragonborn: ... (Force Greet)

    Fjol: And as a reward for the bravery and efforts annihilating wolfes, I offer you the leadership of the Gallows Rock fort. Do you accept?

* DSilHand_M60FP_Topic02

    Dragonborn: Yes, I accept!

    Fjol: Now you are officially an Stronghold Chief, and the second on the succession line of our group. Congratulations! Please, accept these gifts.

