# Quest M70: DSilHand_M70UncoveringThePast

## DSilHand_M70_FjolBefore
Stage 0

>_This dialog is enabled just after you complete the previos quest, after this speech. He wil tell that he just discovered the location of the location of the last Ysgramour's Axe fragment._

* DSilHand_M70FJ_Topic01

    Dragonborn: What are going to be our next moves?

    Fjol: I just received a letter from a Silver brother who was investigating clues of the last missing Wuuthrad's  fragment in Morrowind. 

    Fjol: He discovered an ax  fragment was displayed many years ago at the Mournhold Museum of Artifacts, but disappeared during the Argonian invasion. 

    Fjol: But rumors emerged that a group of bandits found this fragment. 

    Fjol: They were last seen crossing the border near Riften, and are housed in Broken Helm Hollow. 

    Fjol: Do you think you can handle this?

* DSilHand_M70FJ_Topic02

    Dragonborn: I'll search for it!

    Fjol: Good. If you find anything go look for me on Gallows Rock. I'll be attending Krev's funeral.


## DSilHand_M70_FjolAfter
Stage 20

> _This dialog is enabled once you retrieved the last fragment. Fjol will be at Krev's funeral._

* DSilHand_M70FA_Topic01

    Dragonborn: I found the last fragment piece!

    Fjol: So the rumors were right! Incredible! The last missing piece. For ages all these pieces were lost... but now all pieces were found. 

    Fjol: Eight with us... four with the Companions. And we will take it back!

* DSilHand_M70FA_Topic02

    Dragonborn: How?

    Fjol: We have been planning an assault on Jorrvaskr for a long time.  But now, since they lost the last battle, they are in a weak position.

    Fjol: The attack is going to be made by three groups. We will go on the lead group. 

    Fjol: We will enter on whiterun using a secret passage created by the companions, on the swers. 

    Fjol: The second group is composed of infiltrated silver hands in whiterun, which are ready to our command. 

    Fjol: The third group will be outside Whiterun. They will provide aid if needed, and will enter the city, taking advantage of the distraction caused. 

    Fjol: Are you ready?

* DSilHand_M70FA_Topic03

    Dragonborn: Yes, I'm!

    Fjol:  Excellent. Meet the man outside Whiterun on the Night. 

* DSilHand_M70FA_Topic04

    Dragonborn: Not now...

    Fjol: Ok. Come talk with me when you are ready. We need your help.
