# Quest R00: Controller

## DSilHand_R00_SenaarPlayerBusy

> _After talking about a new contract, the player declines to accept the quest right now. The Quest will still be avaliable._

* DSilHand_R00SePB_Topic01

    Dragonborn: I can't do it right now. 
    Senaar: All right. Come back when you are ready.

## DSilHand_R00_SenaarStartsRadiant

> _The player decide to accept the quest right now. Now, he must choose the strategy to win the fight. If the player is not a silver hand leader, only the option to go alone will be available._

* DSilHand_R00SeSR_Topic01

    Dragonborn: Let's go right now.
    Senaar: Perfect, I'll mark its location on your map. What is your plan?

* DSilHand_R00SeSR_Topic02

    Dragonborn: I'll solve this contract alone.
    Senaar: Ok. Just come to me when you finalized it, so we can reclaim the reward.

* DSilHand_R00SeSR_Topic03

    Dragonborn: Let's do it toghether, right now!
    Senaar: Let's go! Lead the way.

* DSilHand_R00SeSR_Topic04

    Dragonborn: Prepare a band, and meet me outside. 
    Senaar: Ok. I'll meet you there.

## DSilHand_R00_HillaraPlayerBusy

> _After talking about a new contract, the player declines to accept the quest right now. The Quest will still be avaliable._

* DSilHand_R00HiPB_Topic01

    Dragonborn: I can't do it right now. 
    Hillara: All right. Come back when you are ready.

## DSilHand_R00_HillaraStartsRadiant

> _The player decide to accept the quest right now. Now, he must choose the strategy to win the fight. If the player is not a silver hand leader, only the option to go alone will be available._

* DSilHand_R00HiSR_Topic01

    Dragonborn: Let's go right now.
    Hillara: Perfect, I'll mark its location on your map. What is your plan?

* DSilHand_R00HiSR_Topic02

    Dragonborn: I'll solve this contract alone.
    Hillara: Ok. Just come to me when you finalized it, so we can reclaim the reward.

* DSilHand_R00HiSR_Topic03

    Dragonborn: Let's do it toghether, right now!
    Hillara: Let's go! Lead the way.

* DSilHand_R00HiSR_Topic04

    Dragonborn: Prepare a band, and meet me outside. 
    Hillara: Ok. I'll meet you there.




## DSilHand_R00_HillaraR01

(Stage 10)

> _In this stage, the quest givers will tell you about an R01 contract. Some farmers have spotted a wild werewolf. It has already attacked some animals and people, and the farmers are frightened._

* DSilHand_R00HiR01_Topic01

    Dragonborn: Any new contract or job?
    Hillara:  Yes. A werewolf is frighten some farmers. It has already attacked some animals and people. They have already spotted where the beast is hiding.

* Next: DSilHand_R00HiPB_Topic01 or DSilHand_R00HiSR_Topic01



## DSilHand_R00HillaraR02

(Stage 20)

> _In this stage, the quest givers will tell you about an R02 contract. Some villagers have been hearing stranges noises during the night. They are not sure about what the kind of creature is that, but they fear it can be an werewolf._

* DSilHand_R00HiR02_Topic01

    Dragonborn: Any new contract or job?
    Hillara:  Yes. Some villagers have heard strange noises during the night. They are not sure about what the kind of creature is that, but they fear it can be a werewolf, so they contract our services. And they promise to pay a good amount of gold if we finish off the creature.

* Next: DSilHand_R00HiPB_Topic01 or DSilHand_R00HiSR_Topic01



## DSilHand_R00HillaraR03

(Stage 30)

> _In this stage, the quest givers will tell you about an R03 contract. An emissary from the Jarl have contacted the silver hands. He said a group of banditis is causing some trouble. They robored some people, and some cargo. One of their members is an werewolf. They are going to pay a good ammount of gold if the silver hands thake care of the werewolf and the bandit leader form that group._


* DSilHand_R00HiR03_Topic01

    Dragonborn: Any new contract or job?
    Hillara:  Yes. An emissary from the jarl has contacted us. He said a group of bandits is causing some trouble. They robbed some people and some cargo. One of their members is a werewolf. They are going to pay a good amount of gold if we take care of the beast and the bandit leader.

* Next: DSilHand_R00HiPB_Topic01 or DSilHand_R00HiSR_Topic01




## DSilHand_R00HillaraR04

(Stage 40)

> _In this stage, the quest givers will tell you about an R04 contract. Some villagers reported to us they found a hiding place of a Glenmoril Witch. She has been performing cruel blood rituals, and they have contacted the Silver hands to finish her off._

* DSilHand_R00HiR04_Topic01

    Dragonborn: Any new contract or job?
    Hillara:  Yes. Some villagers reported to us they found a hiding place of a Glenmoril Witch. She has been performing cruel blood rituals, and they have contacted us to finish her off.

* Next: DSilHand_R00HiPB_Topic01 or DSilHand_R00HiSR_Topic01



## DSilHand_R00HillaraReward

(Stage 100)

> _In this stage the questgivers forcegreet you and tell you to come take your share tomorrow._

* DSilHand_R00HiHR_Topic01

    Dragonborn: It's done!
    Hillara: Yes, we did it! The man will take care of seek the reward. Come back tomorrow and talk to me to take your share.


