# 01. INTODUCTION 

## Tutorial Bethesda

* Creation Kit Tutorial Series - Episode 1: Introduction to the Kit  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gDKivlGmia4&t=8s&ab_channel=BethesdaGameStudios

* Creation Kit Tutorial Series - Episode 2: Basic Layout  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SO-OMWk0mQs&ab_channel=BethesdaGameStudios

* Creation Kit Tutorial Series - Episode 3: Basic Layout II  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p1Twdld0tLc&ab_channel=BethesdaGameStudios

* Creation Kit Tutorial Series - Episode 4: Clutter  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6RzxXWiqb8M&t=813s&ab_channel=BethesdaGameStudios

* Creation Kit Tutorial Series - Episode 5: Navmesh  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=raM9TBZZyQY&ab_channel=BethesdaGameStudios

* Creation Kit Tutorial Series - Episode 6: Basic Encounters  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TAih_jr233I&ab_channel=BethesdaGameStudios

* Creation Kit Tutorial Series - Episode 6: Basic Encounters  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TAih_jr233I&ab_channel=BethesdaGameStudios

* Creation Kit Tutorial Series - Episode 7: Traps  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PN5vCtlxvwk&ab_channel=BethesdaGameStudios

* Creation Kit Tutorial Series - Episode 8: Optimization  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=acfuZiQh83Y&ab_channel=BethesdaGameStudios

* Creation Kit Tutorial Series - Episode 9: Lighting  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5fZoIpKcJ6I&ab_channel=BethesdaGameStudios

* Creation Kit Tutorial Series - Episode 10: World Hookup  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kTSQaUx5eKY&ab_channel=BethesdaGameStudios


## Tutorial [M1LL3RB0Y](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCmdPXiwryWdawlVi5Ll2Evw)


* [ok] Creation Kit Tutorial 2 - Getting Started  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=09RW9E4IVYg&ab_channel=M1LL3RB0Y

* [ok] Creation Kit Tutorial 3 - Making an NPC  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BFHbusKVqZ0&ab_channel=M1LL3RB0Y
19:48

* [] Creation Kit Tutorial 5 - Making a Merchant  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JLVAU_48_G4&ab_channel=M1LL3RB0Y

* [ok] Creation Kit Tutorial 6 - Making a Quest (Part 1)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=It5ZzjamtMk&ab_channel=M1LL3RB0Y  
Neste tutorial ele cria os esqueletos da quest e faz os NPCs

* [ok] Creation Kit Tutorial 6 - Making a Quest (Part 2)  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QhZBmETMFwI&ab_channel=M1LL3RB0Y  
Neste tutorial ele faz a dinamica dos dialogos. 

* [ok] Creation Kit Tutorial 6 - Making a Quest (Part 3)   
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I_6EDon5Ugg&ab_channel=M1LL3RB0Y
Neste tutorial ele ensina como estabelecer e completar os objetivos e exibir o progresso das quests.

* [] Creation Kit Tutorial 6 - Making a Quest (Part 4)  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UYxxADLLRo0&ab_channel=M1LL3RB0Y


## Arron Dominion

### Introduction 

* [ok] Skyrim Creation Kit Scripting Series: Papyrus Tutorials - Introduction  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?list=PLrN7sXqWQOBPyalkASaFwoVgNnAZOasEx&v=sN_AIVdeqc4&ab_channel=ArronDominion

### Hello World! 

* [ok] Skyrim Creation Kit Scripting Series: Papyrus Tutorials - Hello World!  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Oda-JsCKgis&ab_channel=ArronDominion

### Variables Pa

* [ok] Skyrim Creation Kit Scripting Series: Papyrus Tutorials - Variables Part 1 - Variable Basics  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fcpn2OCFV7g&ab_channel=ArronDominion

* [ok] Skyrim Creation Kit Scripting Series: Papyrus Tutorials - Variables Part 2 - Variable Manipulation  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q0gn4jpQG9Q&ab_channel=ArronDominion

* [ok] Skyrim Creation Kit Scripting Series: Papyrus Tutorials - Variables Part 3 - Variable Comparisons  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YR1jsto6Xhk&ab_channel=ArronDominion

* [ok] Skyrim Creation Kit Scripting Series: Papyrus Tutorials - Variables Part 4 - Variable Scope  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b6WMrQfR9Q8&ab_channel=ArronDominion

### Events/Functions 

* [ok] Skyrim Creation Kit Scripting Series: Papyrus Tutorials - Events/Functions Part 1 - Events Basics  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lX34OP0Jj7s&ab_channel=ArronDominion

* [ok] Skyrim Creation Kit Scripting Series: Papyrus Tutorials - Events/Functions Part 2 - Func Basics  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RSHNMKosxTY&ab_channel=ArronDominion

* [ok] Skyrim Creation Kit Scripting Series: Papyrus Tutorials - Events/Functions Part 3.0 - Func Param  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yB_VlPDVdlA&ab_channel=ArronDominion

* [ok] Skyrim Creation Kit Scripting Series: Papyrus Tutorials - Events/Functions Part 3 - Func Param  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pQ7s0UCRS80&ab_channel=ArronDominion

* [ok] Skyrim Creation Kit Scripting Series: Papyrus Tutorials - Events/Functions Part 4 - Func ValRet  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UN9lyStKNf0&ab_channel=ArronDominion

* [] Skyrim Creation Kit Scripting Series: Papyrus Tutorials - Events/Functions Part 5 - While Loops  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5wXn5uf_NMs&ab_channel=ArronDominion

* [] Skyrim Creation Kit Scripting Series: Papyrus Tutorials - Events/Functions Part 6 - FunRec Intro    
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ddVTH1va2t8&ab_channel=ArronDominion

* [] Skyrim Creation Kit Scripting Series: Papyrus Tutorials - Events/Functions Part 7 - FunRec BaseCases    
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pe9b1AhKuHI&ab_channel=ArronDominion

* [] Skyrim Creation Kit Scripting Series: Papyrus Tutorials - Events/Functions Part 8 - FunRec ParamLim  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qzI7u_k6gFc&ab_channel=ArronDominion

* [] Skyrim Creation Kit Scripting Series: Papyrus Tutorials - Events/Functions Part 9 - FunRec Helpers  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W0uLYRw3WF0&ab_channel=ArronDominion

* [] Skyrim Creation Kit Scripting Series: Papyrus Tutorials - Events/Functions Part 10 - FunRec RetParam  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MnFpSr_gzgw&ab_channel=ArronDominion


* [] Skyrim Creation Kit Scripting Series: Papyrus Tutorials - Events/Functions Part 11 - Guess Number
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DSeLtsfB1I&ab_channel=ArronDominion


* [] Skyrim Creation Kit Scripting Series: Papyrus Tutorials - Events/Functions Part 12 - More Math
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gjXK2UwXNDY&ab_channel=ArronDominion


* [] Skyrim Creation Kit Scripting Series: Papyrus Tutorials - Events/Functions Part 13 - Array Intro
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GpeGZSberOA&ab_channel=ArronDominion

* [] Skyrim Creation Kit Scripting Series: Papyrus Tutorials - Events/Functions Part 14 - Array Use
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2H9FU-vM-DU&ab_channel=ArronDominion

* [] Skyrim Creation Kit Scripting Series: Papyrus Tutorials - Events/Functions Part 15 - FuncArray Param
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TdV2Z082O-A&t=12s&ab_channel=ArronDominion

* [] Skyrim Creation Kit Scripting Series: Papyrus Tutorials - Events/Functions Part 16 - FuncArray Ret  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2P9qPYHmnR0&t=8s&ab_channel=ArronDominion

* [] Skyrim Creation Kit Scripting Series: Papyrus Tutorials - Events/Functions Part 17 - Array Recurs  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7YafdpxJe6E&ab_channel=ArronDominion

* [] Skyrim Creation Kit Scripting Series: Papyrus Tutorials - Events/Functions Part 18 - Funcs DefParam  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LKoxRzjdLho&t=13s&ab_channel=ArronDominion

* [] Skyrim Creation Kit Tutorials - Overview  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=57sjsF9XWvo&t=14s&ab_channel=ArronDominion

* [] Skyrim Creation Kit Tutorials - Uploading Mods  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5j1NBDt2OzY&t=16s&ab_channel=ArronDominion

* [] Skyrim Creation Kit Tutorials - Creating a Basic Ghost Follower  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HzVIamIAR0E&t=10s&ab_channel=ArronDominion

* [] Skyrim Creation Kit Scripting Series: Papyrus Tutorials - Events/Functions Part 19 - Global Funcs  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OArr7oHUeX0&ab_channel=ArronDominion

* [] Skyrim Creation Kit Scripting Series: Papyrus Tutorials - Events/Functions Part 20 - Events as Func  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0wH2f6Uas2k&t=8s&ab_channel=ArronDominion

* [] Skyrim Creation Kit Tutorials - Dialogue Multiple Choices and Answers  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EeGhwOJirWw&t=2s&ab_channel=ArronDominion

* [] Skyrim Modding Tool - Champollion Graphical User Interface  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S9VCvZLMpfo&ab_channel=ArronDominion

* [] Skyrim Creation Kit Tutorials - Clara Horse Riding Walkthrough
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eBcG9BN8AYY&ab_channel=ArronDominion

* [] Skyrim Creation Kit Scripting Series: Papyrus Tutorials - Objects Part 1 - Intro to OO P1  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z99oQ2LDFLs&ab_channel=ArronDominion

* [] Skyrim Creation Kit Tutorials - Introductory Triggers  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pCCoHh2v_do&ab_channel=ArronDominion

* [] Modding Rant - Modders vs Mod Users and Other Topics - 3-8-18  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F5sZnkoOq98&ab_channel=ArronDominion

* [] Modding Update 3 11 2018 Platforms for Work  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F4psFXABBK0&ab_channel=ArronDominion

* [] Additional Download Platform - Mod-Drop - New Upload Location  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=On0kOeHCcaU&ab_channel=ArronDominion

* [] Modding Update 3-27-2018 - Additional Platforms and Pneuma Manor Updates  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9CbuzOfkKiA&ab_channel=ArronDominion

* [] Modding Update - 7-20-2018 - Current Progress and Other Updates  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bey0TbXfOcU&ab_channel=ArronDominion

* [] Skyrim Creation Kit Scripting Series: Papyrus Tutorials - Objects Part 2 - Inheritance  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L8yMAMbfm1o&ab_channel=ArronDominion


## TutorialsForSkyrim

Skyrim Creation Kit Tutorial - Creating A Custom Quest  
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4kXJ7BWQl-c&ab_channel=TutorialsForSkyrim

# 02. THEMES

## AI Packages

* [OK] Skyrim Creation Kit Tutorial - Custom NPCs and AI Packages
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gZHKyxzVvHo&ab_channel=TutorialsForSkyrim

* [] Creation Kit Tutorial (AI Packages)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E3Nd8LXYRA0&t=1s&ab_channel=Darkfox127


## NPCs

* [] Creation Kit Tutorial (Custom NPC Dialogue)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XQMkVcekHUk&ab_channel=Darkfox127

* [] Creation Kit (Detailed Followers Tutorial)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tLgSYzOaTnA&ab_channel=Darkfox127

* [] Creation Kit (Followers Tutorial Advanced)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j4HkKToVtMc&ab_channel=Darkfox127




































