# M10 Silver Hunt

**10**

Journal:
I have met a strange man on Whiterun, who calls himself Irrokas Head-Torn. He says something about sensing the presence of the Daedra on Whiterun, and smelling a dirty dog stink. I asked him what he was talking about, and he told me to go to Gallows Rock to know the truth.

Objective:
Investigate Gallows Rock


**20**

Journal:
I talked to a guard in front of an abandoned fort. He seemed to be a bandit, but didn't attack me. Instead, he told me that he was a Silver Hand. A  member of a Skyrim's  faction of Werewolves hunters. I asked to join, and he told me to go to Gallows Rock. 

Objective: --

**30**

Journal:
When I arrived at Gallows Rock, a guard told me he was a part of the Silver Hands, a faction of werewolves hunters. When I asked to join them, he told me that I first need to prove I'm able to deal with those kinds of beasts, since werewolves are hard to kill. He sent me to Cold Rock Pass, and asked me to kill a Frost Troll... the bigger one I would find there. Once I killed the beast, I might talk to the Silver Hand leader.

Objective:  
Kill a frost Troll in Cold Rock Pass

**40**

Journal:
When I arrived at Gallows Rock, a guard told me he was a part of the Silver Hands, a faction of werewolves hunters. When I asked to join them, he told me that I first need to prove I'm able to deal with those kinds of beasts, since werewolves are hard to kill. He sent me to Cold Rock Pass, and asked me to kill a Frost Troll... the bigger one I would find there. Once I killed the beast, I might talk to the Silver Hand leader.

Objective: 
Report to Silver Hand guard on Gallows Rock 

**50**

Journal:
I delivered to Gallows Rock the Frost Troll's Skull as proof I killed the beast. Now I can talk to Krev and ask permission to join the Silver Hand. 

Objective: 
Ask Krev the Skinner permission to join

**60**

Journal:
I was successful in joining Silver Hands. I am now an initiated Silver Hand.

Objective: --

Complete Quest

**100**

Journal:
I failed to join the Silver Hands, and joined the Companions

Objective: 
You have joined teh Companions

Fail Quest

