# M30 Scholar Fragment

**10** 

Journal:
Krev sent me to report Fjol that Wuuthrad 's fragment was found in Angarvunde's treasure. He advised me to take the opportunity to meet him and his research.

Objective: 
Talk to Fjol

**20** 

Journal:
Fjol requested me to go to Winterhold and ask Nelacar if he had any news to inform. I need to be discrete, and just ask if he "still has that silver ring to sell". If he had discovered anything, he would tell me.

Objective: 
Find the informant

**30** 

Journal:
Fjol requested me to go to Winterhold and ask Nelacar if he had any news to inform. I asked him still had that silver ring to sell. He smiled and gave to me a letter.

Objective: 
Read Nelacar's letter

**40** 

Journal:
In his letter, Nelacar tells that the college members have found a Wuuthrad fragment in one of their excavations. Sergius Turrianus is studying the fragment's magical properties. I must infiltrate into the college and look for the fragment on his desk. Once I found the fragment, I should return it to Fjol. 

Objective: 
Find the Fragment

**50** 

Journal:
I found the fragment on Sergius Turrianus' room. Now I must return to Fjol to deliver the fragment. I also need to show him the Nelacar letter, since it says the mages believe they discovered the location for the next piece.

Objective: 
Deliver the fragment to Fjol and show him Nelacar's  letter

**60** 

Journal:
I found the fragment on Sergius Turrianus' room. Now I must return to Fjol to deliver the fragment. I also need to show him the Nelacar letter, since it says the mages believe they discovered the location for the next piece.

Objective: --

Complete Quest

