# M80 Assault on Jorrvaskr

**10**

Journal:
Fjol has a plan to make a final strike on the Companions' Circle.  We are going to assault Jorrvaskr in the following dusk. Fjol's plan is to infiltrate Whiterun from the underforge sewers and assault them by surprise. I should use this time to prepare myself, select my best armor and weapon set, and some healing potions, since the fight will be tough.

Objective:
Prepare to assault Jorrvaskr after the dusk.


**20**

Journal:
Fjol has a plan to make a final strike on the Companions' Circle.  We are going to assault Jorrvaskr in the following dusk. Fjol's plan is to infiltrate Whiterun from the underforge sewers and assault them by surprise. I should use this time to prepare myself, select my best armor and weapon set, and some healing potions, since the fight will be tough. 

Objective: 
Meet the men on the secret passage beneath the Underforge outside of Whiterun and talk with Fjol.


**30**

Journal:
Fjol has a plan to make a final strike on the Companions' Circle.  We are going to assault Jorrvaskr in the following dusk. Fjol's plan is to infiltrate Whiterun from the underforge sewers and assault them by surprise. I should use this time to prepare myself, select my best armor and weapon set, and some healing potions, since the fight will be tough. 

Objective:
Listen to Fjol.


**40**

Journal:
Fjol has a plan to make a final strike on the Companions' Circle.  I'm going to join Fjol on his plan to infiltrate Whiterun from the underforge sewers, and Assault Jorrvaskr by surprise. 

Objective:
Follow the man to Jorrvaskr.


**50**

Journal:
Fjol has a plan to make a final strike on the Companions' Circle.  I'm going to join Fjol on his plan to infiltrate Whiterun from the underforge sewers, and Assault Jorrvaskr by surprise. 

Objective:
Fight the companions and clean the circle.

**60**


**70**
Journal:
We executed our plan to clean the Lycantropy out of the Circle. Hercine curse over the Companions is over. 

Objective:
Talk to Fjol.


**80**

Journal:
We executed our plan to clean the Lycantropy out of the Circle. Hercine curse over the Companions is over. Now we are going to search for all the missing pieces of Wuuthrad Axe.

Objective:
Find the last Wuuthrad fragment.


**90**

Journal:
We executed our plan to clean the Lycantropy out of the Circle. Hercine curse over the Companions is over. Now we are going to search for all the missing pieces of Wuuthrad Axe.

Objective:
Bring the fragment to Fjol.


**100**

Journal:
We executed our plan to clean the Lycantropy out of the Circle. Hercine curse over the Companions is over. Now we are going to search for all the missing pieces of Wuuthrad Axe.

Objective:
--


**110**

Journal:
We executed our plan to clean the Lycantropy out of the Circle. Hercine curse over the Companions is over. We found all the missing pieces of Wuuthrad Axe, and now and we are going to reassemble it on the Skyforge. 

Objective:
Follow Fjol to the Skyforge.

**120**

Journal:
We executed our plan to clean the Lycantropy out of the Circle. Hercine curse over the Companions is over. We found all the missing pieces of Wuuthrad Axe, and now and we are going to reassemble it on the Skyforge. 

Objective:
--

**130**

Journal:
We executed our plan to clean the Lycantropy out of the Circle. Hercine curse over the Companions is over. We found all the missing pieces of Wuuthrad Axe, and now and we are going to reassemble it on the Skyforge. 

Objective:
--


**140**

Journal:
We executed our plan to clean the Lycantropy out of the Circle. Hercine curse over the Companions is over. We found all the missing pieces of Wuuthrad Axe and reforged it on the Skyforge. 

Objective: -- 

---

# M80 Planning (draft)

### -- Stage 0 --

(EMPTY)

- Inicio da quest


### -- Stage 10 --

(OBJ:Prepare to assault tomorrow at the dusk near Whiterun)

- Este estagio deve ser iniciado após a quest M70 ser completada.
- a invasão deverá ser a partir do inicio da noite, 6 da tarde.  
- A descrição dele deve ser "Prepare-se para a invasao amanhã"
- para fazer com que o tempo correto seja calculado, basta utilizar RegisterForSingleUpdateGameTime, que irá setar um "alarme". O alarme pode ser capturado com  o evento "Event OnUpdate()".
```
Function SomeFunction()                
	RegisterForUpdate(5.0) ; Before we can use OnUpdate() we must register.
EndFunction
 
Event OnUpdate() ; This event occurs every five seconds		
	If myQuest.GetStage() == 10
		UnregisterForUpdate() ; when we're done with it, make sure to unregister
		Debug.Trace("Got what we needed, so stop polling!")
	EndIf
EndEvent
```
Rascunho do codigo:   
```
; on start of Objective 10
float currentTime = GetCurrentHourOfDay() 
float todayLastingTime = 24 - currentTime
; alarms at 6 o'clock
float timeToAlarm = 18 + todayLastingTime
; register alarm
RegisterForSingleUpdateGameTime(timeToAlarm)

; Alarm event
Event OnUpdate()
	; completes "Prepare to assault tomorrow at the begining of the dusk near Whiterun"
	questM80.SetObjectiveCompleted(10)
	questM80.SetStage(20)
	; displays "M0eet the men on the secret passage beneth the underforge on Whiterun"
	questM80.SetObjectiveDisplayed(20)
EndEvent
```

- https://www.creationkit.com/index.php?title=RegisterForSingleUpdate_-_Form

- https://www.creationkit.com/index.php?title=RegisterForSingleUpdateGameTime_-_Form

- https://www.creationkit.com/index.php?title=Function_for_Time_of_Day

- https://www.creationkit.com/index.php?title=OnUpdate_-_Form


### -- Stage 20 --

(OBJ: Meet the men on the secret passage beneth the underforge OUTSIDE OF  Whiterun and talk with Fjol)

- Neste momento um script deve ser executado, e ele deve ser responsavel por teletrasportar todos para os silverhands que não forem followers para a localização, e habilitar os soldados que forem gerados aleatoriamente 

- Neste ponto todos devem ter um AI package de "stay at corrent location", incluso Fjol 

- Assim que você conversar com Fjol, ele irá perguntar se vc está pronto. Se você falar que sim, o stagio será setado para 30

### -- Stage 30 --

(obj: listen to Fjol)

- Neste momento a cena do do discurso do Fjol é iniciada.

**INICIO: CENA 01**

- Todos devem ter uma AI para olhar  Fjol. 
- Fjol deve fazer seu discurso 
- Quando o Discurso finalizar o estagio deve ir para o 40, e a AI dos Silver Hand deve ser finalizada. 

**FIM: CENA 01**

### -- Stage 40 --

- Todos devem ser teletransportados para dentro de whiterun na entrada da underforge
- Objective: Follow the man to Jorrvaskr
- AI Package: todos devem andar até um xmarker dentro de Jorrvaskr
- Quando o Player entrar dentro de Jorrvaskr, o estagio deve ir para 50, e todas as AIs serem encerradas, e a cena 01 deve ser finalizada.


### -- Stage 50 --

(obj: Fight the companions and clean the circle)

- seta deve apontar para os membros do circulo 
- quando todos os membros do circulo morrerem, a quest deve ir para o estagio 60.

### -- Stage 60 --

- A relação entre as facções deve ser alterada. Os companions e  
- Script deve fazer com que o combate termine. 
- a Cena 02 deve ser iniciada aqui 

**INICIO: CENA 02**

- Fjol deve fazer um discurso para todos os sobreviventes
- O Elder deve iniciar uma conversa com Fjol 
- Ambos devem discutir e decretar a paz entre as 
- ir para o estagio 70

**FIM: CENA 02**


### -- Stage 70 --

(obj: talk to Fjol)

- Fjol deve forcegreet você e pedir para buscar os fragmentos restantes
- o diario de Kodlack deve ser habilitado
- ir para o estagio 80

### -- Stage 80 --

(obj: find the last YT fragment )
- Ir até a desk do Kodlack, pegar o deu diario e ler
- assim que o diario ser lido, o fragmento deve ser colocado dentro do inventario do Dragonborn
- ir para o estagio 90
0 A quest misc responsavel por disparar a ultima quest deve ir para o etagio 10 e ter seu objetivo 10 ativado.

### -- Stage 90 --

(obj: bring the fragment fo Fjol)
- conversa com Fjol 
- setar estagio 91 

### -- Stage 91 --

- remover o fragmento do inventario 
- cena do Fjol chamando todos para Skyfroge começa

**INICIO: CENA 03**

- Fjol chama todos para Skyforge
- avançar para o estagio 100

**FIM: CENA 03**

### -- Stage 100 --

(obj: --)

- todos devem ir para Skyforge 
- o blacksmith deve usar a forja
- quando todos estiverem proximos a forja, a cena deve ser iniciada
- ir para o estagio 101

### -- Stage 101 --

(obj:--)

**INICIO: CENA 04**

- O Blacksmit deve ficar mais 10s trabalhando
- Deve entregar o Machado a Fjol 
- Fjol deve empunhar o machado, e realizar o seu discurso
- Ao final do discurso, todos devem bater palmas

**FIM: CENA 04**




### -- Stage 110 --

- Quest deve ser completada
- A quest misc responsavel por disparar a ultima quest deve ser setada no estagio 20, 
  de maneira a habilitar o dialogo que permite com que a Querst in honnor of ysgramour seja iniciada




