# M90 In honor of Ysgramor

**10**

(Fjol taked to you about going to Glenmoril Coven adn Kill to witches to save Kodlack soul)

Journal:
I showed the Kodlack diary to Fjol. The diary says Kodlack was searching for a cure, and believes that it could be achieved by killing the Glenmoril witches, and burning their heads at the Harbinger Flame in the Ysgramor Tomb. Now we shall go kill the witches to perform the ritual.

Objective:
Defeat all wiches in Glenmoril Coven and collect all their heads


**20**

(Dragonborn collected all witches heads, and now must go to Harbinger Flame and burn their heads)

Journal:
I showed the Kodlack diary to Fjol. The diary says Kodlack was searching for a cure, and believes that it could be achieved by killing the Glenmoril witches, and burning their heads at the Harbinger Flame in the Ysgramor Tomb. We killed the witches, and now we are going to burn them in the Flame of the Harbinger, located in the heart of Ysgramor Tomb.

Objective:
Burn the witch heads at the Flame of the Harbinger


**21**

(Temp Stage | scene where Fjol open the tomb door using Wuultrad)

Journal:
I showed the Kodlack diary to Fjol. The diary says Kodlack was searching for a cure, and believes that it could be achieved by killing the Glenmoril witches, and burning their heads at the Harbinger Flame in the Ysgramor Tomb. We killed the witches, and now we are going to burn them in the Flame of the Harbinger, located in the heart of Ysgramor Tomb.

Objective: --


**30**

(Temp Stage | scene where Kodlack appear and expells its wolf spirit)

Journal:
I showed the Kodlack diary to Fjol. The diary says Kodlack was searching for a cure, and believes that it could be achieved by killing the Glenmoril witches, and burning their heads at the Harbinger Flame in the Ysgramor Tomb. We killed the witches, and now we are going to burn them in the Flame of the Harbinger, located in the heart of Ysgramor Tomb.

Objective: --


**40**

(Kodlack wolf spirit appears, and now you must defeat it)

Journal:
I showed the Kodlack diary to Fjol. The diary says Kodlack was searching for a cure, and believes that it could be achieved by killing the Glenmoril witches, and burning their heads at the Harbinger Flame in the Ysgramor Tomb. We killed the witches, and burned their head in the Harbinger Flame, and now we must kill Kodlack wolf spirit, in hope to clean his soul.

Objective:
Defeat Kodlack's wolf spirit


**50**

(Temp Stage | Scene whre Fjol tells say his last words about Kodlack)

Journal:
I showed the Kodlack diary to Fjol. The diary says Kodlack was searching for a cure, and believes that it could be achieved by killing the Glenmoril witches, and burning their heads at the Harbinger Flame in the Ysgramor Tomb. We killed the witches, burned their heads in the flame and killed the Kodlack wolf spirit. We hope Kodlack soul may now rest in Sovngarde. 

Objective: --


**51**

(Quest Competed)

Journal:
I showed the Kodlack diary to Fjol. The diary says Kodlack was searching for a cure, and believes that it could be achieved by killing the Glenmoril witches, and burning their heads at the Harbinger Flame in the Ysgramor Tomb. We killed the witches, burned their heads in the flame and killed the Kodlack wolf spirit. We hope Kodlack soul may now rest in Sovngarde. 

Objective: --


# Quest Planning M90 (draft)

** HABILITADOR/DESABILITADOR DAS BRUXAS
03 => dunGlenmorilC04Witches (inicialmente desabilitado)

Outros marcadores
01 => dunGlenmorilDA05Witch (habilitador de uma quest não utilizada, inicialmente desabilitado)
02 => dunGlenmorilAspirantMarker (imagino que é o marcador das bruxas antes da quest, inicialmente habilitado)
04 => dunGlenmorilSpiders (inicialmente habilitado, habilita um animal parceiro da hagraven, pode ser aranha, skeever, troll, etc.... -- não é necessario usar esse)

- é necessário fazer alias para a bruxa e para sua cabeça, para o corpo não é necessário

- o corpo, e o xmarker podem ser referencias diretas.

dunGlenmorilAspirantMarker
dSilHandWitches

C04GlenmorilWitch
C04GlenmorilWitchHeadless
C04WitchScript
C04GlenmorilWitchHeadScript

DSilHand_GlenmorilWitchRef01
DSilHand_GlenmorilWitchRef02
DSilHand_GlenmorilWitchRef03
DSilHand_GlenmorilWitchRef04
DSilHand_GlenmorilWitchRef05

DSilHand_glenmorilWitchesRef

DSilHand_HegravenHead_Ref01
witchHead01
witchHead02
witchHead03
witchHead04
witchHead05

DSilHand_GlenmorilWitchRef04
witch01
witch02
witch03
witch04
witch05

DSilHand_M90AliasWitchHead
DSilHand_M90AliasWitch

DSilHand_M90Alias
DSilHand_M90Alias
DSilHand_M90Alias
DSilHand_M90Alias


**Wolf Spirit Stage**

C06WolfSpiritREF
EncC06WolfSpirit
C06PostQuestCompanionsSandbox1MARKER
C06EternalFlameSconce


***C06EternalFlameSconce


C06BladeOfYsgramor

Debug.Trace("(DSilHand_M80_PF) -- On End: Kurdak gave the axe to fjol")
akActor.RemoveItem(C06BladeOfYsgramor, 1, false, fjol.GetActorReference())









### -- Stage 0 --



### -- Stage 10 --

* Enable all the custom witches
* disable the actual witches
* o estagio é completado quando as 5 cabeças forem coletadas 
* cada bruxa deve ter um script que quando ela morrer, a cabeça deve ser adicionada
* cada cabeça deve ter um script que irá subistituir o corpo com cabeça pelo sem cabela




------------ 


>> O que falta Implementar

ok * AI de Fjol para te seguir, e fazer o force greeting com você
* Ele deve te dar o Wuulthrad ao final da quest 
* implementar os dialogos
* C06BladeOfYsgramor

