# Quest DSilHand_M50WolfAmbush

_The player will be able to start the quest after finishing the previous one. The player will be able to ask Krev for the next mission. He will tell a location where some Companions may be executing a job contract: Bonechill Passage. Arriving there, you will find two companions, Njada and her Shield Brother. They will attack you. After defeating them, you might go back to Gallows Rock. Once you arrive, you will find two Companions fighting the guards outside. The quest will be automatically completed, and the next will start._

## Branches
### DSilHand_M50_StartKrev
> _This is the dialog where Krev gives you the quest._
> 
> Dialog Type:``PlayerDialogue``, Actor Race:``NordRace``, Voice Type:``MaleNord``.

#### DSilHand_M50SK_Topic01

**Player**: What is our next target?

**Krev The Skinner** (*Disgust 50*): Nice you just asked. We hard that the companions were hired to kill a beast on Falkreath hold. Is our chance to take one more of them out of guard.    

``Data\Sound\Voice\DawnOfTheSilverHand.esp\MaleNord\DSilHand_M_DSilHand_M50SK__000175CD_1.xwm``    

**Krev The Skinner** (*Anger 50*): Have no mercy with them. They would not have with you.    

``Data\Sound\Voice\DawnOfTheSilverHand.esp\MaleNord\DSilHand_M_DSilHand_M50SK__000175CD_2.xwm``    





*****

> _Documentation generated by **CKQuestDialogManager**. Access the project <a href="https://github.com/AndersonPaschoalon/CreationKit-DialogDocGen.git" target="_blank">Github</a> for new versions and updates._

